- Start Date: (fill me in with today's date, YYYY-MM-DD)
- RFC PR: (leave this empty)
- Effector Issue: (leave this empty)

# Summary

One paragraph explanation of the feature.

# Basic example

If the proposal involves a new or changed API, include a basic code example.
Omit this section if it's not applicable.

# Motivation

Why are we doing this? What use cases does it support? What is the expected
outcome?

Please focus on explaining the motivation so that if this RFC is not accepted,
the motivation could be used to develop alternative solutions. In other words,
enumerate the constraints you are trying to solve without coupling them too
closely to the solution you have in mind.

# Detailed design

This is the bulk of the RFC. Explain the design in enough detail for somebody
familiar with Effector to understand, and for somebody familiar with the
implementation to implement. This should get into specifics and corner-cases,
and include examples of how the feature is used. Any new terminology should be
defined here.

# How We Teach This

What names and terminology work best for these concepts and why? How is this
idea best presented? As a continuation of existing npm patterns, existing Effector
patterns, or as a wholly new one?

Would the acceptance of this proposal mean the Effector documentation must be
re-organized or altered? Does it change how Effector is taught to new users
at any level?

How should this feature be introduced and taught to existing Effector users?

# Drawbacks

Why should we _not_ do this? Please consider the impact on teaching people to
use Effector, on the integration of this feature with other existing and planned
features, on the impact of churn on existing users.

There are tradeoffs to choosing any path, please attempt to identify them here.

# Alternatives

What other designs have been considered? What is the impact of not doing this?

# Unresolved questions

Optional, but suggested for first drafts. What parts of the design are still
TBD?
